Wait, what if the best musicians of the future can’t play a single note?
For all of human history, music required physical dexterity.
If you couldn’t move your fingers fast enough, the symphony stayed in your head.
That barrier is officially gone.
AI is doing for music what photography did for painting: it’s decoupling the *idea* from the *execution*.
The new instrument isn't a guitar, it's a model.
You don't need music theory; you just need taste.
When the technical barrier drops to zero, taste is the only differentiator left.
We are about to unlock a flood of genius previously trapped by a lack of skill.
We are moving from an era of performance to an era of curation.
The non-musician is rising, and the music they make might be the most interesting thing we’ve heard in years.
Get ready.